You know, the African friends that I've come to be close with and really love.
I mean, the, the humor there's so much there. I have common,
common stuff of like, when I go to Ireland, it's one of my favorite places.
And just like the, I feel a sense of pressure. Like the humor all around me,
the time I feel like there's something between iron,
like Ireland and Russia with the humor stuff where it's like, you've,
you gotta be on your game if you wanna be, you know? So it's yeah. It's not.
I feel like, know what I mean? The intensity of conversation <laugh> yeah.
In terms of, yeah. You have to be on your game in terms of wit and so on.
I mean, you have to, there's certain people I have like,
wanna talk on this podcast. They're like that, uh,
certain people from the Jewish tradition have that like where the whip is just
like, okay, I have to, yeah. I really have to pay attention. It's a game.
It's like, it's, it's like a, you know, what, it feels like,
it feels like speed chess or something like that.
And you really have to focus and play.
And at the same time there's body language and the,
and then there's the melancholy nature to at least in the Russian side. And the,
a whole thing is just a beautiful.
Message. I mean, yeah. I mean, there's a,
there's a funny two talk video that went around that,
that I got from like some Afghan acquaintances that was, uh,
that he's an Irish comedian kind of highlighting, you know, kind Irish and,
and German national stereotypes around hospitality. And, um,
this Afghan moments that, you know,
I didn't know that the Irish were just white Afghans because the whole, like,
you know, the hospitality, like politics of like, of refusal, you know, you,
you know, you don't,
you don't take something that's offered to you the first time you don't,
you know, I mean, it's the, the culture of, um, of receiving a guest, you know,
that's, you know, Americans aren't, I mean, that's not, you know,
that's not always, I mean,
they're different the regional cultures where that's the thing,
there's whatever, but it's, I mean, the,
the kind of like generosity and the kind of, you know, that that's, that's real.
I mean, that's, and that's a cool thing and that's amazing. That's, um,
you know, the food, I mean, going on just the superficial things, but, but the,
but all that, the, the warmth of hospitality and, um,
of wit and humanity, I mean, it's, that, that,
that's what we don't see view the,
the place just through war and geopolitics and the moving pieces of the map and
stuff.
And that's, and that's hard to see when, you know, there are gaps in, in,
in language and in religious tradition and, and all that stuff. And then,
you know, being open to the fact that people do do things differently, you know,
and it's, uh, and the gender mention they're important, right? That they're,
they're kind of, you know,
arguably each culture has a kind of gen gender dynamic is different.
And so I think it's helpful to have humility in thinking that some Afghans will
do something, something different differently. You mm-hmm <affirmative>,
but then you'll also have Afghans who say, everyone should be educated.
Everyone should work and so on and so on. So there's no,
there's no single way of, yeah.
Yeah. And there is a gen dynamic in Russia too. They,
we need to be a respectful that like, uh.
And that's not, that's not always what it looks like at first.
There's.
Layers where power is. I mean, that's definitely, I don't know. Yeah.
Uh, yeah, that's a whole nother conversation where the power is. Yeah.